TW 517 Cycle 4 edits (#4090)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/conflicts.md

warning: false
---

> By syncing your Postman data with an account, you can work between devices and as part of a team. If a conflict occurs between the data in your local app and the data synced to the Postman servers, you will be prompted to choose which version to preserve.

Author: ```suggestion
By syncing your Postman data with an account, you can work between devices and as part of a team. If a conflict occurs between the data in your local app and the data synced to the Postman servers, Postman will prompt you to choose which version to preserve.
```

For example, if a teammate makes a change to the same request you are currently working on, and their change syncs to the Postman servers while you are editing yours, then you attempt to save your changes, a conflict may arise.

If Postman encounters a conflict between your local app and the synced data for your account or team, you can resolve it using the __Resolve Sync Conflicts__ modal.

<img alt="Sync Conflicts" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/sync-conflicts-v8.jpg" width="600px"/>

There is a tab for each collection affected by conflicts, and each conflict listed indicating the difference between the local and server version.

You can choose to preserve your local changes, or update your local version to match the synced version from the server. There is an overview of each conflict. Choose __Local changes__ or __Server changes__ for each one.

> After you choose which version to use, select __Resolve Conflicts__ to update both your local version and the synced version of the projects you're working on. You will need to make selections for every collection affected and select __Resolve Conflicts__ to update each one. If you choose your local changes, other devices and team members will see your changes whenever Postman syncs for them.

Reviewer: Do we need to replace "see" here? Maybe "will get your changes" or "will receive your changes" or "can view your changes"? Or maybe this is a case where "see" is appropriate

Author: Thanks for catching this! Turns out I missed a lot of "sees" on my first pass 🙈
